This is for you Tommy Ramone.
We lost our last Ramone, everybody.
What in all?
Welcome back to Meltdown Comics, the Nerd Milk Theater.
Parment Town is now in session.
Just in a moment, enjoying Tommy Ramone's drumming.
What a good band.
We lost all of the original members, but they will live forever in our hearts.
On that note, welcome to the stage, the mayor of Parment Town, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Hi Ramones.
Yeah, did you ever see a movie called Rock and Roll High School?
Yeah, from the 80s.
The Ramones were kind of like heavily featured in that.
PJ Souls character loves the Ramones, and she has a dream sequence where they're like,
in her apartment, something, it's a cute movie.
Anyways, PJ Souls was murdered by Michael Myers in the first Halloween movie, I believe.
Is that right?
I think so.
That movie, which is one of Jamie Lee Curtis' improper teen friends, has promiscuous sex
and suffers the fate that all young ladies do at the hands of a brazen metaphor for syphilis, Michael Myers.
It's funny how horror movies, they don't really change that much in that one regard.
The teen culture being put on trial, you still don't really see...
That's basically all the horror movies that just continue to punish teens for the same crimes.
For growing up.
For experimenting, in any regard.
For not doing their homework.
For skinny dipping?
Yeah, we just keep killing them for being young.
Which was why Kevin Lewis was so awesome, because it kind of like concretized that mythology.
Wow, I'm boring the fuck out of myself.
I was standing on the front walk outside my house today.
I invited Erin down to do the show, because I know Camille couldn't be here, and I had her,
hey, what am I, chopped liver?
The crowd was almost mutinous.
He actually could do the show, I told him not to, because I don't like what's going on around here.
You guys are getting a little too friendly.
It's called Harmontown.
I don't get paid to do this shit.
Not Silicon Valley.
Yeah, you can watch him on HBO, you love him so much.
I love the image of him walking around in his underwear, looking for his Bruce Springsteen shirt.
I've been thinking about that forever.
That's a whole different story.
Maybe I just love the image of him in his underwear.
Maybe it doesn't matter what he's looking for.
Maybe I don't like to think he's looking for me.
So I was standing on the front walk, and Erin's coming down, Uber's in front.
I still haven't gotten over my Uber addiction, no matter what they do to me.
Erin's coming down, and I look back.
It's a beautiful summer night in Los Angeles, and Erin's looking particularly beautiful.
We've been doing couples therapy, so I feel like I'm becoming a better lover.
Mentally, not physically.
I look back.
Physically, you just picture Camille in his Bruce Springsteen shirt.
I look back as she comes down the DreamWorks flagstone walkway that I have outside my house.
I call it DreamWorks Flagstone.
It's a certain aesthetic.
And what you guys don't...
You don't go to DreamWorks?
That brick they use.
Based on how many people were in that building, I assume half of you directed Kung Fu Panda.
So she's halfway down, and I'm just taken with her beauty.
She's framed against a beautiful Los Angeles summer night.
A smile creeps across my face as I'm watching her float down the walkway towards me,
thinking about how in love with her I am and how lucky I am to be getting to spend the rest of my life with her.
And she stops and she looks at me, looking at her that way, and she goes,
Are you farting?
I want to know what love is.
Will you show me?
Yeah.
Dan, were you farting?
It was not.
Because those two concepts aren't mutually exclusive.
You could have been watching her float down the DreamWorks Flagstone and be farting at the same time.
We learned in couples therapy the proper structure of an apology, Jeff.
Apologies are not studied in contemporary society.
There's one man out there in the psychology community that studies apology.
The good ones, bad ones, fake ones.
And the psychological community is always...
He's a controversial figure.
You might call him the Noam Chomsky of psychology.
He's a lone gunman out there.
Is this your therapist or your therapist is quoting this person?
She's quoting this person.
He wrote a book called, I don't know, On Apology.
I think the book is called.
She pulled it off her bookshelf and started reading from it,
at which point I was like, what the fuck?
Is this coming off my time?
You're reading another guy's book out loud.
This is insane.
It's like Netflix therapy.
I don't know what that means.
It's just two buzzwords.
Therapy's a buzzword.
Shut up!
Dreamworks Flagstones.
Apologies, Jeff.
They like a good story.
Dan, will you tell me about apology structure?
They have three parts to them.
Apologies have three legs. It's like a tripod.
A proper apology, one that makes a difference historically.
His book is about the history of apologies.
The ones that worked.
What's the most famous apology?
One of the most famous failed ones?
Nixon.
Nixon bothered to say, I'm really sorry if you guys feel like I'm a crook.
So typically, we've all done that apology.
I'm sorry if you feel that way.
It's all on you. You're a fucking dumbass.
I'm sorry if you have something wrong with you.
I'm sorry I'm so impeachable.
I can't remember a famous one that really made a huge difference.
But historically, politically, if you examine situations where a wrong has been done
and then someone tries to address it, there are historically examples of times when it works,
times when it doesn't work.
It's not scientific, but it's anecdotal.
This guy posits that an apology has three parts to it.
Part one, acknowledgement of the offense.
So you say, Jeff, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I spilled your water.
Okay.
You don't have to applaud for each thing.
They didn't.
Step two, one guy keeps crying.
I don't know if there's a mosquito.
If he's trying to start the world's slowest, slow clap.
The second leg of the tripod is remorse.
You got to actually feel bad.
You got to actually communicate the shame that you feel,
the remorse you feel about the thing you did wrong.
And the third thing, a commitment to change.
Okay, so all three things.
So, Dan, let's say you spilled my water.
And how would you apologize using that tripod?
Jeff, I'm sorry that I spilled your water.
I feel terrible that I spilled your water.
I'm never going to spill your water again.
Perfect apology.
Now, what if you're being asked in a relationship to apologize
for something that maybe you feel like it was a two-way street?
Well, that's that you just take turns.
I got Aaron.
I'm sorry that I came drunk into the bedroom.
Nothing but my underwear holding my pot box that you filled with
charades paper from your party
and having dumped out all my paraphernalia
and brandished it about like a stone savage going,
you don't respect my property.
I'm sorry I did that.
I'm sorry I shamed you.
I'm sorry I made you feel ashamed.
I feel terrible about it because it makes me feel like I've become my dad.
And you know what?
I'm going to try to figure out a way to be drunk and accountable.
And if that fails, then we'll have to start doing the hard stuff.
What is that?
Well, if I can't be a good person when I'm drunk,
then of course you've got to become one of those people.
Wait, what are you talking about?
The Jason Robards people, it's been 30 days and I'm so proud of myself people.
Sober.
Quitters, yeah.
I don't want to talk about it.
Let's just hope I get my shit together while drunk.
So yeah, that's it.
Now that would be the greatest thing in the world to be at the world's best drunk.
It's called functional alcoholism.
I've got it nailed down in every aspect of my life except for when Aaron and I have a couple to do.
When Aaron loses your weed?
Yeah, whenever.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm a bad person when I drink sometimes with my lovers.
It's not good.
I have to carry it like a rabbit's foot or something and rub it and go like, knock it off, dad.
Or like a locket with a picture of my dad in it, like open it up and go like, I'm not you, man.
And then on the other side is a picture of my mom and I go like, why did you henpeck him so much?
It wasn't just the booze.
I'm gonna close it.
Maybe reacting like that for it doesn't make a lot of sense.
Because they're worried.
About my parents?
No, about you.
I'm 41, I mean, I'm gonna, you know, what?
Well, exactly, what?
I mean, what?
I'm 41, what?
Are you saying it's too late to adapt?
I just finished explaining that I'm gonna try to make some changes.
It's a commitment to change.
You said you wished you had a rabbit's foot, that was on one side with your father,
and the other side with your mother and you blamed her for your father being like he was.
Well, they can't all be gems.
Also, I've been drinking a little.
I suppose maybe that's why my commitment to change got a little warbly.
Sports Corner!
It's a world of sports and Dan Harmon, there's a fan of him all, all, all, all, all, all.
Dan, today the World Cup came to its beautiful climax.
The finals happened today.
Obviously, I would be at full to not know that.
Top of your head, give me some, just throw some headlines at me for you.
It's all over, it's finally over, the World Cup only happens every once in a while.
It's, it's not annually.
No.
For those of you dumbasses who thought it was, this is a bigger deal, it's like the Olympics.
What would you say, I mean, what year, in 2014, where we're living now,
what year do you project the next World Cup with me?
Well, it's not, I mean, it's like the Olympics.
So, four years from now.
So, I mean, and what an ending to what a World Cup.
This is the first time that I've ever said this about a World Cup.
Anything you say right now would be the first time you said this about a World Cup.
I'm gonna, I would call it a world mug.
Like it was that good.
Bit, bit, bit, booming.
You mean bigger than a cup.
Yeah, like, and more intimate.
Prouder, something that said World's greatest grandpa World Cup on it.
Do you feel the best team won today, Dan, in the finals?
Well, I mean, obviously, Jeff, in the technical sense, the reason for the sports,
various scorekeeping mechanisms is to determine who won, and who is therefore the best team.
Do I feel the best team won?
I mean, sometimes it can come down to penalty kicks, or it can come down to just defense,
and people like, do you feel like...
That's all part of the sport, Jeff, all those things.
I guess my question is, who won today, Dan?
Well, I mean, we all know who won today, but I will say I was shocked that they did win.
I was shocked that they won.
Why is that?
Well, because you don't really associate that country with flat land,
which soccer is on a flat field, and this is a very mountainous country.
What kind of terrain?
I mean, it's a large country that includes mountainous terrain.
Exactly.
So you'd expect them to be worse at soccer than the other team.
Now, Dan, it's the first time a European team played and won a World Cup on American soil.
Yeah.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe...
I can't believe Germany won.
Is that a guess?
Yeah.
You're right.
I'm a fucking sport head.
Dan, what do you mean is that a guess?
Well, I'll follow up that question.
Who did they beat?
Well, they were on American soil.
Yes.
And as we all know in soccer, you don't just play another team on another country's soil, right?
It's not like one country hosts for two other countries.
Brazil was the host nation, but Brazil got knocked out by Germany.
And ignominiously, they got killed in 7-1, the worst defeat, probably the most terrible feat in Brazil's World Cup history.
So another South American team lost today.
And tell me why you think they lost, and tell me what color their flag is.
Look, I...
Just name some primary colors.
I think their flag has green in it.
Nope.
That's not a primary color.
Primary...
You got a 1-3 chance just to start off.
Chile?
No.
Chile's not a primary color either.
It's not red or yellow.
Argentina.
Yes!
Argentina lost to Germany on American soil for the first time.
That's why it was a world mug.
Incredible.
I can't wait till 2018.
Now, everyone go back to remembering that you're not interested in soccer at all.
Dan, what country do you think in four years' time will be the ascendant team that will shock us?
Well, I think based on this quadra years' performances from all the teams, just observing,
I felt like you're seeing a lot of foot action from France.
Oh yeah, times.
This is a country that knows about foot action.
And I feel like they just didn't have the contiguous...
Yeah.
Sort of...
Sorry, what's that?
Contiguousness.
Yeah.
But I think that four years will be contiguous.
Combine that with their foot action, I think France...
They'll be contiguous to other countries next to them, like Portugal or Spain?
No, their foot action will be contiguous with each other.
Like when one guy kicks the ball, the other guy will start kicking it again, too.
I don't think any of them will use their hands.
What you saw from France this year is they're very good with their feet,
but then sometimes they use their hands and that's when they get into trouble.
You're not supposed to use your hands in soccer.
Dan, as I'm sure you know, famously a lot of European clubs
went out early.
We lost Portugal, England, Spain, France, Italy.
They went out quite early.
What would you say...
If you were going to be the new coach, let's say, of England,
what would you say to the youth teams that you're bringing up new talent?
First of all, get out there.
Use the grass.
Don't fight the grass.
Never stop running because the ball doesn't stop rolling.
If your teammate is open, they kick the ball to him and box out the other team.
Get in those defense zones and then make them into offense zones
by moving them forward and crouch on the goalie and get in the hot boxes
and cross-tether.
Yeah, exactly.
Now, Dan, when Germany ran over Brazil, the home nation,
they scored what, five goals in the first 30 minutes maybe or something like that?
It's 45 minutes in. It's 5-0.
You're Brazil's coach.
You're down five goals at halftime.
What do you say to your team to rally them for the next 45 minutes
and come out and turn it around or to at least salvage some sort of pride out of it?
This is it.
There's a bunch of dirt out there and we're not dirt.
God brought us up out of it.
Am I the German coach?
Okay, well, let's do both.
Germany's winning by five goals. You want to be German's coach?
Yeah, I want to be the German coach.
You're up five goals to know and you're playing on Brazilian soil
and the crowd that was filled with 100,000 Brazilian zealots is now gone completely silent.
You hear that sound?
You hear door-himmels? That means friend.
That's the sound of shame, our Teutonic legacy.
We're entitled to this.
We're entitled to a lot more than I'm not allowed to mention.
And since receiving my new identity as a soccer coach, I have come to accept that we can gain
territory on that field.
I want you guys to go out there and annex the whole game.
Yeah, okay, we're done with sports corner now.
Sorry, German Harmontown fans, German Harmontown fans, they're like, yeah, yeah, yeah, we get
it.
They get it.
Enough with the German jokes.
We get it.
We made it a oopsie.
I mean, it was Germany versus Argentina and so there's a little complicity going on.
You know that that game was determined, yeah, in the back room, like based on extradition.
By Dr. Mengele?
Yeah, like, oh, yeah, there's like, well, we'll give you three clones of his head.
Wait, you think Argentina has Hitler's head cloned?
I think a lot of places have Hitler's head cloned, bro.
And you need to wake up and check your privilege.
Hashtag was up.
I heard somebody say today, they're talking about Facebook being intrusive and Facebook,
like it's hard to delete your Facebook account.
Someone said that the CIA might have given lots of money to Facebook.
Is there any credence in that?
Or is that just crazy?
Well, the NSA, I mean, you could go online.
It's fucking insane.
The NSA did everything, like no one cares.
I don't care.
Like the NSA was all over the fucking place, I'm sure it concludes Facebook.
They were funded?
Like Facebook?
Well, I don't know.
Funded by, but they were absolutely complicit, like, I don't even, I mean, if somebody were
to come up, then.
Does anybody have any thoughts?
It would turn into, I mean, we're talking about 25 minutes of somebody.
That's how long it would take to finish listing the NSA's transgressions against its domestic
citizens in the last 10 years, which have all come to light, thanks to a guy who's,
you know, some people view as a traitor.
On Saturday and Sunday on CNN, now they just air forensic files.
Now they become like the history channel.
And they just air forensic files where a guy goes, a woman was murdered and there was
only a Q-tip on the ground.
Would 10 years from now, would there be science to find out who her murderer was?
The answer is yes, otherwise, no, there's going to be shows where they're going to find
out there's a picture of a guy in the background and facial recognition of a dude in a Facebook
site.
Oh yeah, absolutely, because they've been storing this shit.
The weird thing about the whistleblowing is that it's like this big brew-ha-ha, oh, you
blew the whistle, you told on us for spying on American citizens, but nothing has changed.
And then also, now that the whistle's blown exactly 10 years from now, that stuff's all
admissible if, I mean, as long as you're kind of sort of connected to the concept of maybe
the threat of perhaps being something to do with terrorism by someone's definition, 10
years from now, let's not talk about it.
There's going to be nine other podcasts all around us that do nothing but talk about it.
I hope so.
I don't know.
You know, they were, they fucking, are you saying our podcast isn't a trenchant political
podcast?
It's certainly not well researched to me, yeah.
Like, there's got to be a good podcast out there where somebody that does their homework
and like, we'll talk about this stuff and I think everybody's not...
No, there's true.
There's not.
I certainly, I certainly, like, my, my excuses work, like, ah, it was right in community.
I like to make the nice people laugh.
I don't know anything about them looking at us through our laptop cameras.
Now you, you work for Yahoo now.
Yeah.
So when does that go on to production?
I have to check with the CIA.
I don't know.
The CIA?
Well, there's a different structure over there now.
Yeah.
I have to go through the industrial complex and then the military complex and then there's
this third thing that's like a combination of them both.
I can't remember the name.
And then the funding comes through.
The checks are from Yahoo, but, but the notes come from the secretary of agriculture for
some reason.
So there's a lot of like, couldn't there be more wheat in this?
Do you know how many episodes you're supposed to deliver?
Uh, 30.
No, no, we're going to make it.
Yeah.
13, 13.
13.
Is it the same time structure?
Like the same?
Yeah.
As far as I know.
I don't want too much change about it.
I don't want it to be like, bloated out or shrunken down.
I want it to feel relatively the same.
So that's what she said.
That's what she said.
Thank you, Adam.
All right.
Well, let's, we've got, we've got an exciting evening in store for you.
That was...
Kamell Masyani is not here tonight.
Yeah.
Did you hear that?
Kamell, they applaud her when you weren't here because he is listening.
He's not egotistical.
He's busy.
He's too busy.
He's probably in some movie called like, you've got Kamell.
He wishes.
I hope, I hope my stutter made it clear.
I did not approve of that.
As it came out of my mouth, that was my thumbs down on my own dumb pun.
Let's, let's, let's bring to the stage the lovely crimson haired phoenix of the deep
Kamell Masyani, Erin McAfee, hello, Phoenix of the deep, I don't know, I rise, but not,
not that far.
She rises.
She rises and then drowns.
I only know that I'm a phoenix, everyone else is like, she died in that hole.
I was trying to think of Fomke Johnson's X-Men character coming out of the ocean, I whittled
together Phoenix of the deep, my brain's dying, and I'll get a, I'm going to get a
CAT scan of my chest so we can find out if my body's dying.
Dan, give me a three pronged apology about Phoenix of the deep.
I'm sorry I did bad improv as your introduction.
It makes me feel like a hack and like I'm disintegrating in front of your eyes.
You haven't even married me yet.
I'm going to try through a combination of-
Was that your remorse?
That was my remorse, yeah.
My commitment to change is that I'm hoping that somehow a combination of Rogaine and
a new car will help change me to a younger, smarter man.
Possibly a tiny tattoo.
Like maybe a yin-yang on a, Dan, if you had to, if you were a forest gun to your head,
you had to get a tattoo tonight, right?
I walk you just two blocks down to get a tattoo and you have to shoot from the hip.
What tattoo do you get, where do you put it on your body?
All right, I'll limit it to a two or a three inch by three inch square, like size.
All right, well, that's going to go in my chest.
It'll be Pac-Man from the video game, eating dots and then the dots lead to the word establishment.
Which either means the establishment gives you power.
Now, Dan, my follow-up question to that is, how much money do you want me to give you
to make that happen tonight?
I will never get a tattoo.
And I'm not joking.
What is your outside number for us walking down to the tattoo parlor and you getting
that done?
I think I said yes to the Yahoo deal.
I'm never going to need money again.
What would it take to make that happen?
I swear there's no idea that it certainly is.
Maybe, but I'm not committing to this, but not money, but possibly it would have to be
something like you getting an even worse tattoo.
What would that tattoo be?
Adam Goldberg gets to pick what your tattoo is.
Adam Goldberg, come to the stage and give me a worse tattoo, but I'm not committing to
any of this.
Adam Goldberg, if Dan gets the Pac-Man, you're talking about the Pac-Man with the legs and
arms?
No, no, not the, not Paci, the guy from the TV show.
No, no.
They called him Pac-Man.
So you're talking about Pac-Man, just the proper circle with the wedge out of it.
Yeah.
I'm eating power of pellets that said establishment next to it.
Yep.
Okay.
Adam, pitch me what I would get in a, probably just the community season four logo.
Just right on the forehead.
And it's on the forehead?
And it's Wayne Brady saying, I didn't mind it with the word blue and community season
four logo.
Adam Goldberg everybody, Adam Goldberg.
I would never get a tattoo.
I wouldn't either.
I would only get a tattoo of a racial epithet written backwards in black light on my head.
They invented black light tattoo ink and it says something terrible.
And only if you went to a club and they said, let's go to the tattoo shop.
Why do you want it backwards so you can deny, you can plausibly say, so I can see it in
the mirror and remind myself that you're racist.
I would never get a tattoo.
If I did get a tattoo, I think I would get on my chest, I would get the diagram of CPR
instructions.
I like two spots where the paddles go.
Or did I dump my arms and legs, really good recipes.
Like, Jeff, how do you make really good buttermilk biscuits?
Well, that's funny, you should ask.
But what do you do when someone's like, ah, you should add cinnamon?
Like, you try something one day and you're like, this changes the whole thing.
Then I show you my other tattoo, which has...
Asterisks.
No, I'm too OCD to get a tattoo.
If I had a tattoo on one arm, I would feel that that arm weighed more than the other
arm.
I wouldn't mind getting a tattoo of hair on the top of my head.
Are you losing your hair?
Well, I feel like I've always been a little thin.
My hair's very fine.
I'm 41, so what did I think I was going to look like Hugh Grant forever?
He's losing his hair too.
Well, he's older than me.
I mean, Hugh Grant from the movies we've been watching all week.
I had a bit of a Grant Thon.
A Grant Thon?
Yeah.
I just noticed that if I ever see myself on video or in a picture, when my head goes
down and there's light coming at it, like, I'd see nothing but scalp of concern to me.
Also, where I do see a lot of hair, the old comb, I don't comb my hair a lot, so I don't
know if the reason why when I do, like, oh, that's a lot of hair.
I don't know if that's just because I don't comb my hair enough or...
Maybe it's because you have too much hair.
Yeah.
Your hair's like, this isn't fair to Phoenix of the Deep.
Hey, it looks like it's time for Game Corner.
Let's go.
There's a lot of corners to this show.
There are a lot of corners.
Well, there's two corners to the show.
Well, I named both of the corners.
That's why I'm not creative, I guess.
It's all the same.
Ew.
That's not a fun fact.
What?
No, it's not.
It's...
All right.
Can I have, I need two volunteers for this game, people that maybe have never been on
stage before.
You right here, and you right here.
Oh, you've been on stage?
Mia.
I've never been on stage.
You've never been on stage.
Okay, come on stage.
What is your name?
Oran.
And this is Morgan.
Morgan and Oran.
Hi.
Welcome.
We're going to play...we're going to revisit Harmonized Impressions.
Yay!
Thank you.
There we go.
It's a mixed reaction.
And the crowd goes mild.
I think it was a good showmanship for me to say it as I'm doing stuff and it makes me
feel a little ashamed.
Now do it like an impresario.
All right.
Tonight, your lives will change.
Your children will ask you about the day that you witnessed the second coming of Harmonized
Impressions.
Tonight, on Harmonized Impressions, we have Oran, green shirt enthusiast from Masquerado.
And we also have Morgan, who probably played the guitar at some point.
No.
Okay.
She looks like she plays the guitar.
All right.
Now the game is very simple.
You're like the Silver Lake Don Rickles.
Please try my homemade beer in the back of the room.
All right.
Silver Lake Joe.
Okay.
All right, so for this game, Dan is going to perform Impressions.
And you guys are going to be guessing what Impression he's doing.
During the game, you both have a Jeff card.
So you have one opportunity during the course of the game to flag your Jeff card after Dan
performs an Impression, if it's maybe an Impression that you need a little more help on.
All right.
And then Jeff will do the same Impression.
Wait.
I have to help do it?
If they use their Jeff card.
It'll make sense when it happens.
Yes, one time use.
Take a wild card.
Grab this.
Pen.
All right.
For the listeners, I'm doing this seamlessly.
Dan, here are your Impressions.
Okay.
Now to start the game, you're both going to do a very quick Impression.
Real quick.
Are these Impressions that you've heard Dan do before or not?
No.
Some of them he has, some of them he hasn't.
These are wild cards as far as Dan is concerned.
These are wild cards.
I can see what he's looking on Dan's face right now, that he's flummoxed.
A better word is bummed out.
She said in the Uber on the way over, what phrase did you use?
I was going to gift you more.
Yeah, you were going to throw me some gifts tonight.
All right.
Here we go.
How does the game work?
All right.
So we're going to start the game with each of you doing your best Dan Impression.
And I'm going to be the judge.
So take that into account.
Are we a team?
You're not a team.
You're going out against each other.
You're mortal opponents.
Jeff is going to keep score.
It'll make sense as we go on.
All right, Oran, your best Dan Impression.
Well, the government.
What are you going to do?
Well, I don't know.
All right, Oran.
That was Oran.
No, that was Oran.
I thought he was Morgan.
I hate trying.
All right, Morgan.
Okay.
You guys, this duck with AIDS walks into.
Oh, fuck.
Fuck.
All right.
I'm going to go with Morgan because I want her to be my friend a little bit more.
So Morgan's going to go first.
She has one point right now.
She has no points.
Let's just see who goes first.
I don't score that.
Don't score that.
So Morgan is going first.
All right.
Morgan, I'm going to give you two categories and you choose the category from which you
want the impression to be given.
First category is, ah, I didn't see you there.
Second category is, these beats are cold.
Ah, I didn't see you there.
Or these beats are cold.
I don't understand either of this.
So I'm going to go with these beats are cold.
All right.
Great.
So I'm going to go with rappers with temperature related names.
The first time we played this game, we had Dan Reed from Bartlett's book of quotations,
but this time I'm just going to give him a topic and he's going to give a fact or riff
on that topic.
So your topic is pickles.
For real.
As far as I'm concerned, it's two types of pickles in this motherfucker.
Jill and whatever the fuck.
So all your motherfuckers need to get the fuck out of my face.
Excellent.
All right.
Morgan.
I know who it is.
Morgan was that A, iced tea, B, ice cube, or C, vanilla ice.
Ice cube.
Correct.
Right.
Flawless.
Go.
All right.
Oren, your categories are, ah, I didn't see you there, or falsetto ladies do it best.
I'm going to say no to that one.
All right.
So this is a member of Monty Python.
And Dan, your topic is the God particle.
I already know it.
They found this particle they did.
I was right.
It's a good particle.
Is he from Australia?
Yes, he's Australia.
No, it's not.
It's not supposed to be.
I think it's called the Gibson Hughes particle.
I can't stop sounding Australian.
All right.
Oren, was that A, Eric Idle, B, John Cleese, C, Graham Chapman?
I'm going to go with B.
That is incorrect.
It was Eric Idle.
All right.
That's not an Eric Idle.
This is an Eric Idle.
By the way, Jeff, when I did that sound effect, what did that sound like?
The oooooh.
I thought it was?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, great.
Wow.
All right.
So whenever someone's incorrect, I'm going to go like this to you, okay?
Here we go.
That is amazing.
Finally you can offer something.
I've been given a gift.
You need to use that to help people.
Like ship captains.
Go to the shipyard.
It's better than a real fog horn.
Get something wrong again.
You'll hear it again.
All right.
Here we go.
You know what?
I'm going to do my next impression really bad on purpose just to hear that sound again.
Of course it's 1-0, right?
It's 1-0.
1-0.
Morgan is in the lead.
Morgan has jumped out to a shocking lead.
Morgan, your categories to choose from are, ah, I didn't see you there, or the rhythm
of Spellbound Vogue.
I better go with the rhythm.
Yeah.
Okay.
So these are female pop stars that were successful in the 80s and beyond, or female pop stars.
So that's who this is.
Dan's got this nail on right now.
And Dan, your subject is Kubla-Con.
Kubla-Con?
Kubla-Con.
What?
Kubla-Con?
It's a convention.
Kubla-Con.
What did you say?
It's a convention?
A convention.
I thought it was a poem.
I worked with Kubla-Con on my third video.
And he was fantastic.
And I'm really classy.
All right.
Okay.
Morgan, was that A, Janet Jackson, B, Madonna, C, Paula Abdul?
Can I use my wildcard?
You can!
Thank you.
All right.
So Jeff, it is this person.
Yeah.
All right.
And your subject is gravity.
Listen, gravity, stop preaching.
It's like you're some sort of celestial father.
I'm like the Madonna.
All right.
Morgan, was that A, Janet Jackson?
B, Madonna, C, Paula Abdul.
Madonna.
That is correct.
I was doing Janet Jackson.
You were?
No.
Why would I just...
I'm too gullible.
Jeff, do you know how to make a bicycle bell?
Yes.
Dude, go ahead.
Okay.
When it's correct, then you do the bicycle bell.
All right.
Orange.
2-0, Morgan's in the lead.
You still have time to catch up.
Your categories are...
Ah!
I didn't see you there.
Or, don't be shy-er.
Let's go with don't be shy-er.
All right.
So these are...
This is an actor from the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Dan, your subject is the Donner Party.
Is it the Madonna Party?
Oh, the pain that was felt by your kind when you were in that cabin.
I wish you never to feel it again.
Come to me.
Don't eat each other.
For you are doomed to live but one life.
It becomes a broken love.
All right.
Oren, was that A, Orlando Bloom.
B, Kate Blanchett.
Or C, Liv Tyler.
No, Kate Blanchett.
All right, it was a really good live Tyler. Thank you, Kate Blanchett would have been a lot more
strident. Dan, just for fun, can we hear a little Blanchett talking about pickles? Yeah.
Listen close and hock into the tail of the plastic. All right, Morgan, your categories are,
I didn't see you there, or tipsy TV. I think I'll bite on the ad and see you there. All right,
so these are, this is a creepy man related to movies. And Dan, your subject is traffic.
Oh, it was so hard getting down here on the five today. I didn't think I'd be able to get off
under 10 because there was spiders and ghosts. But I loved them. I let them merge in front of me
because I love spiders and ghosts. All right, Morgan, was that a Tim Burton?
Famous voice actor. Yeah, like Madonna. B. Vincent Price or C. Ed Wood. Tim Burton.
It was Vincent Price. It was Vincent Price. It's a pretty good Vincent Price. Yeah, you know,
but Morgan, how old are you? 26. Yeah, you don't know Vincent Price. All right,
Oren, your topics are tipsy TV, your categories are tipsy TV or Dan Dudes. Let's go Dan Dudes.
All right, these are, this is a friend of Dan's. And Dan, your subject is shoes.
I'll tell you something about good shoes. A good shoe is the most important thing in the world.
I got some with ass Justin Timberlake shoes the other day. I had them laced up. I go outside
my house, I'm just gonna go get a coffee. A guy comes up, what are you doing? What are you wearing?
I'm just wearing some shoes. That's all I do. He goes, thank you. Those shoes are perfect.
I didn't know they were perfect. I just wore the shoes. This is Paul Abdul. My shoes are amazing.
All right, Oren. Was that A, Rob Schrab, B, Jeff Davis, or C, Spencer Crittendon? Jeff Davis.
That is correct! Justin Timberlake shoes? I don't know. I don't know the names of shoes.
I'm not gonna wear some Justin Timberlake shoes. Other than that, how did you feel about that
impression? Was it like listening in a mirror? Yes, it was like listening in a mirror. I thought it
was all right. Jeff, what is the score? The score is two to one. Morgan is in a shocking two-to-one
lead. All right, Morgan. This is just like soccer. Morgan, your categories are tipsy TV or animated
father types. Tipsy TV. Tipsy TV. All right, so this is a male performer who's on television in the
1970s. You're a fan of the show. All right, so Dan, your subject is horses. So my friend called me
and he said, let's go to the horse track. And I said, let's go to the hump. Let's use my car.
So we got in the car and we started up that. And we go down the driveway. I'm in heaven. I am in
heaven. All right, Morgan. Maybe rely on your power of deduction. Morgan, if you get this right,
I'm going to buy you a car. I'm going to buy you a car. I'm going to buy you a car. Morgan. What is that?
A. Charlie Callas. B. Sammy Davis Jr. or C. Dean Martin. She has no idea what you're talking about.
She doesn't know any of those three people.
Yes, I did forget all the people, so person A.
That is correct!
You get a point, you get a point, you get a...
Morgan, you get to go home in your very own car.
Alright, we're nearing the end.
Thank you for doing Charlie Cowell's, by the way. I love that.
You're welcome.
If you don't know Charlie Cowell's, fuck it, just Google him.
He's so good.
Better than Justin Timberlake's shoes.
Justin Timberlake's shoes? What kind of shoes is Justin Timberlake's?
Improvising fancy shoe names, I don't know.
Were you thinking Timberlake's?
No, I mean, well, maybe.
Yeah, I don't know.
Justin Timberlake's shoes.
Alright, Oren.
Animated father types, or it's mandated.
Animated father types.
Alright, so this is a fatherly cartoon character.
It's one of one.
Dan, your subject is feminism.
There's one thing I don't understand about women.
How come they need equal rights?
Why can't they get an equal dino left?
Alright, Oren.
Was that A. I'm talking about abuse in a prehistoric context.
Ha-bow!
Great, great.
Was that A. Yogi Bear.
B. George Jetson.
Or C. Fred Flintstone.
That is correct!
Alright, Morgan.
Scores two to three.
Alright, okay.
Morgan, it's mandated, or it's mandated.
Or when a pretty woman loves your diary.
It's mandated.
Alright, so this is a performer with the first name Amanda or Mandy.
And Dan, your subject is Betsy Ross.
She made a flag.
She made a flag for you.
And you should respect that.
She put every star on it.
She put every stripe.
It means something.
Alright, Morgan.
Was that A. Mandy Moore.
B. Mandy Patinkin.
Or C. Amanda Mandy Bynes.
Mandy Moore?
Should have been Thinkin' Patinkin.
It was Mandy Patinkin.
Mandy Patinkin.
That was a good Mandy Patinkin.
It was alright.
It was.
For the first time?
Alright, Orin.
The first time.
You never forget your first Patinkin.
Alright, this is the...
We're all tied up.
How many rounds do we have?
We're all tied up?
This is the last one.
This is three to three.
The winner will be the winner of the game.
Okay, so if you get this correct,
then you win the game if you get it incorrect.
You guys finish it for me.
No, no, no.
If there's no score, we're still tied.
Okay, then we'll go to the tiebreaker.
Okay.
Alright.
We'll go to P.K.'s.
We'll go to the tiebreaker.
So your categories to choose from are
When a pretty woman loves your diary, or Abra Kadab Bra.
I have to go with the pun.
Abra Kadab Bra.
Abba Kadabra.
Alright, so this is a magician.
Alright, and Dan, your subject is Australia.
The whole country down there is...
The whole country is under the earth.
To me, that's real magic.
I just want to do things that amaze people,
so I want to go down there and see how they live
and show them some things.
Look at this.
Can I see your boomerang?
Can I show you something about it for a second?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I just want to show you something.
So if you shake a boomerang, it's spirits.
Do you know there's spirits in it?
Okay, and then what happens?
Oh, shit! Motherfucker got that!
Yeah, yeah, you like that. You like that.
Alright, alright.
There's Paul Abdul.
Was that A. David Copperfield.
B. Chris Angel.
Or C. David Blaine.
Use the card.
Yeah, it's a shot in the dark, but I'm going to use the Jeff card.
Alright, Jeff.
What happens now?
Alright, so you're going to do...
Just polish the edges of that one, Jeff.
An impression of this person.
Don't do an overhaul.
Now you need to reinvent the wheel.
Just round it off.
And Jeff, your subject is bobsleds.
Oh, it's...
Seems like a lot of ice and snow out here.
Alright, I'm going to spend the next 73 million years inside...
Inside of an igloo cooler underneath the bobsled track at...
Rockefeller Plaza Ice Rink.
And if I come out before 73 years, that means magic isn't real.
Also, I have eyebrows.
My name is Palmer Abdullah.
Oh, man.
I don't really know, so I'm going to kind of guess.
I'm going to guess Chris Angel.
Dude, we fucking did the best David Blaine impressions of all time.
Alright, so Morgan is our winner!
Morgan is the winner!
Thank you so much for watching Harmonized Impressions!
Thank you.
Aaron, what does Morgan win?
She wins playing Chris de Burgh during D&D.
Morgan, stay on stage.
Let's bring out Spencer Crittenden and we'll play some D&D with Morgan.
Let's go!
Hey, guys.
How is it?
Spencer Crittenden, welcome.
Thanks.
I feel welcomed by you all.
Now I don't.
That's a plus for you.
Yeah.
It rises and then it dies.
It's tough.
Welcome to hell.
It rises.
What, uh, that was a great game.
Spencer, how are you feeling, man?
I'm feeling a bit, uh, a bit tired.
You're really high right now, right?
I got a new vaporizer.
Yeah, I did.
You're as high as a Georgia pine right now.
Those are tall trees.
Yeah, my experience.
They're not that tall.
I can tell by the way that you're gripping the right side of your head.
Yeah, my neck's not doing its job so good.
My neck could use a little pinch hitting.
Yeah.
We're cooperating.
Hey, what's with that vapor place over across the street from where we do the show?
It's the vapor spot.
Like that's just a place where you go to smoke vapor tobacco.
Yeah, they have like different colors and flavors and you could talk about your different
modifications they made here.
Is it open still?
Probably.
Is that like an uptick off of like a hookah place?
Yeah.
Now you just vape?
Yeah, or like Woody Harrelson's oxygen bar because it says that they have oxygen too.
Like it just doesn't seem like, I mean, I don't know what's successful and what's not.
I can't predict success.
Spencer, can I hear your Woody Harrelson impression?
Hey, man.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
It's not bad, right?
He has an oxygen bar?
He used to, but it shut down.
Man, I saw one of those in Orange County fucking got a bunch of jars of air.
It just doesn't seem like it's like pinkberry.
Okay.
If you told me, you know, like, like, okay, hey, who would have known that like just a
different kind of frozen yogurt or whatever would would take off?
Like I wouldn't, I wouldn't be like, who would have thought?
Yeah.
But like I would definitely not predict vapor or oxygen being like a new thing.
I mean, I can't imagine that those places are doing that.
I'm going to say vapor places go the way as a dodo like oxygen bars did too.
Yeah.
I really hope so.
Krispy Kreme.
It's a donut.
It's good.
Like we all kind of predicted that success.
Make a good donut.
Yeah.
Or just one that's really bad for you.
Like every year I do a gig at the MGM Grand Casino in Vegas and there's an oxygen place
and people sit down and you strap on a bunch of oxygen into your face.
It looks like a bummer.
Well, in Vegas that might, I mean, yeah, maybe you might, you might actually need oxygen
in Vegas.
But they, but they hyper oxygenate the casinos.
It's supposed to be good for hangovers, right?
Yeah.
Don't they also put an IV drip on you when they do that?
They have mobile hangover vans that they, where they give you saline.
They have those in China, but they just kill you.
I think you're thinking of Soylent Green.
It's still fictional as of yet.
As of press time, China hasn't gone to Soylent Green yet.
Murder vans though.
Did they just murder vans in China?
They don't.
Oh yeah.
Did you, what, what?
All right, tell us.
Come on.
There's just like these vans full of Chinese officials that are just waiting to grab people,
pull them in and just put them to sleep.
For what?
For being Chinese, man.
Wait.
How do you know when you're finished?
Well, you never are.
That's the thing.
I mean, they kill you, but not two hours after you want to be killed again.
That is such a...
What?
What are you talking about?
Someone deflated in the audience.
Chinese murder vans.
Wait.
Come on, explicate.
That's one of those things that I know, but I don't know why I know.
That's all the information I have on that.
I want you to just freestyle and tell me what a Chinese murder van is about.
I mean, did I not say?
You say there are roving vans that will just kill you for being Chinese?
Well, yeah.
No, not for being Chinese.
They're like enemy people, like people the government needs disappeared, you know?
So a van pulls up, like, hey, you seem like a cool guy.
No, it's more violent than that.
Just grab you.
Did they grab you, put you in a van, and just fucking...
And why use saline?
That seems so...
No, they don't.
Instead of saline, it's more like poison juice.
Poison juice?
Yeah.
What do they call it?
MSG.
Kool-Aid.
So if you're an enemy of the Chinese state, a van pulls up, and they go, hey, they coerce you,
or they just strong arm you and pull you in the van.
Yeah, that's what I'm alleging.
And then...
Didn't China soften their policy on...
Fire drills?
Recently, like, they don't need them to happen at every intersection now.
Because they did some research and they're totally inefficient.
They actually, like, put a tracking device on everybody.
And for a Chinese fire drill, like, actually, it's no safer than just having no fire drill at all.
It turns out you should just run away from the fire.
Somebody's handing you research, I think.
That's one of our...
Or maybe it's the definition of racism.
Amnesty International is handing you an affidavit.
I've been handed a phone that says, the execution van, also called a mobile execution unit,
was developed by the government of the People's Republic of China, and was first used in 1997.
There's evidence that mobile execution chambers existed before 97.
The state of Delaware and the United States of America
purges a mobile lethal injection chamber in 1986.
The prisoner is strapped into a stretcher and killed inside the van.
The van allows death sentences to be carried out without moving the prisoner to an execution ground.
Well, that's nice.
It's like a dog groomer.
The vans also require less manpower per injection.
Oh, no, no, no, I, I, I, I write ahead.
Less manpower per execution requiring four persons to assist the injection.
The PRCU states that the vans are more humane than previous forms of execution.
Yeah, well.
Including being bashed in the did-of-by-rock.
Yeah, yeah, like, yeah, like...
The torture monster.
Smoking a cigarette with a blindfold on.
China didn't...
It may be wrong, but they didn't try to get in trouble for selling their dead prisoners to body worlds a few years ago.
Yeah, I hear they didn't really get caught until they were, you know, they were found out they were selling drugs to universities.
Yeah, well, everybody was looking at these bodies at body worlds and similar exhibits and being like,
where are these little Chinese?
All these guys.
They were, they were selling them.
You hear that, China?
We caught you doing something bad.
Now it's curtains.
Finally.
We finally caught the Chinese up there up to something.
Like, now it's, now it's all over for them.
They own us!
They do.
There's nothing we can do.
Those vans are coming to Delaware now.
Wait, so these vans are just cruising about China?
I don't know, ma'am.
I just, I'm surprised I was right about that.
It's pretty amazing, yeah.
I just know stuff.
I don't know what the fuck it's all about.
Also, like, Spencer, if you're just plugging your upcoming band called Chinese Murder Band,
just come out with it, because I will go to your show.
It's less of a band and more of a live experience.
Tomorrow night, Delaware Gas Fan.
Do they still have bookmobiles?
I suppose they don't anymore, right?
No, because kids kept being murdered.
They kept getting the Chinese bookmobiles, like, uh-oh.
Chinese bookmobiles are a good name for a band.
In the 70s, they had bookmobiles.
Now the internet, I'm sure, makes us all obsolete, but it was, yeah.
Did you guys have bookfairs?
There were bookfairs at our school, you mean?
Yeah, we had those, but that was fucking bullshit.
That's people selling books.
That's good.
The only thing you could buy there was Madness and Nancy Drew.
What do you think a bookmobile is?
A bookmobile is a library.
It's a public library on wheels, you low-road motherfucker.
Damn, damn.
Apologize, free prompt.
I'm sorry that I high-roated you on my knowledge of 70s social programs.
I am remorseful both because I'm your future husband and because it again
hangs a lantern on our age difference.
Lantern?
Update Lantern.
Oh, it hangs a glow stick.
On the rave that is me being 12 years older than you.
Cover me in the foam of, well, cover me in the Rogaine foam.
My commitment to change will never happen again because Carter's almost dead.
I'm not far behind.
What do you know about Carter that I don't know?
He has one of these.
No, no, no.
Nobody has that, that's just you.
It's called a Carter.
They told me.
It's like a Lou Gehrig's thing.
A Carter flap in my trachea.
Morgan, do you ride horses?
I do not, no.
Oh, okay.
Is there a for two?
You're projecting so much under her.
She's just a normal lady.
Do you make your own yogurt?
I make my own cereals.
That's like, have we ever had a hair wrap?
No, don't let the cereal thing go.
You make your own cereal?
How do you make your own cereal?
She puts each marshmallow in the, she hammers each lucky her shoe on an anvil.
Catches a star from the sky.
The actual base, base lucky charms you can get from any hobby store.
But the good shit you have.
Yeah, yeah.
You toast oats.
Oh, you toast oats?
It's much easier.
She toasts.
Are you like a muesli person?
Yeah.
What is muesli?
So I guess I can call it that, but I'll put in dates and raisins and it has sliced almonds.
Yeah, cause you get nasty.
Does anyone learn?
I just came.
Are they sugar dates?
Yes.
Oh shit.
What do you mean?
Are they sugar dates?
Of course they're sugar dates.
It's a date.
What do you do?
You eat them.
I'm a graduate student.
What are you studying?
Nutrition.
This is going to get so boring.
It's called bioinformatics.
Okay.
Bio what?
Bioinformatics.
Bioinformatics?
Yeah.
Holy shit.
Explain that to me because I have no idea what that means.
That's a study of looking like you like horses and play guitar.
Yeah.
But if a child's trapped under a car you could flip it.
You don't hate horses.
Who hates horses?
Some people hate horses.
If you had more time you would write that.
Tell me what bioinformatics are.
Bioinformatics is where biology and computer science kind of mesh together.
So it's computer science related to biology and healthcare.
So how would you like to implement that?
Implement.
Bioinformatics.
What's a practical like?
It's a terminator.
Cyborg.
Cyborgs?
You're creating a race of super serial horses.
You got it.
Who can play bridge over troubled waters.
But Morgan, what would you dream gig be?
Jurassic Park.
I didn't ask you motherfuckers.
Ask Morgan.
You guys are too rowdy.
I absolutely work with DNA sequencing data.
Holy shit.
So if we could do some DNA engineering that would be ideal.
What would be the highest extension of that work?
What would you like to create or do?
Cloning.
Cloning what?
Bioengineering.
Adam, shut up.
What would you create?
That's pretty far removed.
What's the highest extension of that?
What would you like to create?
You mean like some kind of new species?
You tell me.
I have no idea.
Yeah, I would absolutely create some kind of new species.
A new species?
Yeah, that would be able to survive on Mars instead of Earth.
Would it be a mammal?
No.
Oh.
What would it be?
Like an insect.
It could be cold-blooded, not on Mars.
Yeah, it would certainly be something amazing.
A cold-blooded species that could survive on the wastes of Mars atmosphere?
It couldn't be cold-blooded.
Not on Mars.
If we had a Harmontown pin-up calendar, you may be on the cover.
Do you have a boyfriend?
I do, yeah.
He's back here.
Alright, never mind.
He's a 14-foot cockroach.
I'm glad I'm here.
A cyber-cockroach.
His name is Seventeen.
So you want to create new species?
She had 16 boyfriends that she made in her basement.
Seventeen, I think you might be the one.
Until you out-use your youthfulness.
So you want to create a new species that might survive in outer space,
or an extra-terrestrial?
Yeah, I think that would be amazing.
That is really cool.
And so what life form do you think...
When I hang out, we could be friends.
What form, like Spencer asked, would it be a mammal?
What kind of life do you think we could create first
that would live on moss?
First?
Moss.
Moss?
Yeah.
Are you trying to create moss right now?
I'm not, no.
But if you could, would you?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, wouldn't we all work out?
Let's all just make moss.
I love that.
Come on, everybody knows.
That's the first terrestrial life, right?
Moss is like plants without capillary action.
Like, there's nothing.
Before anything, there's moss as far as open air stuff.
How did you and your boyfriend meet?
At Radio Shack.
Oh, that's nice.
So you guys have that shared there.
That's cool.
What was the shared thing I didn't hear?
We were in the same department together.
Oh, okay.
So what...
Did he ride horses, sir?
No, not yet.
Oh, not yet.
Morgan, do you think horses could live on Mars?
I hope so one day.
Yeah.
Aren't you worried about the moss becoming sentient and...
That would be amazing.
Well, yeah, I guess by the time, by the time whatever we create becomes sentient, like,
we'll be God, right?
And we'll be bored.
And we'll be like, go ahead, kill us.
We did it to our God.
I saw this comment.
I'll put my head on the block.
Just, I swear, I gotta stop putting that apple tree in the garden.
What was I thinking?
What do you think?
Like, what's your...
Do you like Jurassic Park?
What are your...
Yeah, I like Jurassic Park.
Do you...
I think that it could be realistic.
Yeah.
Woo!
Stop!
What is that?
There's an absolute...
I hope that these people didn't come with Morgan.
There's like a very...
I was getting upset about the people yelling stuff out, but the thing is, there's like some
very passionate dinosaur people.
And they've committed to their role.
Like, they keep bending every subject.
Dinosaurs!
The last raptor!
Like a Jurassic Park!
And there's like three of them and they're right over there.
Jeff Goldblum's character.
They're really into dinosaurs.
They really went...
Like, finds a way!
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Must go faster.
Cheetah speed.
It's actually my college roommate who's screaming out.
Life finds a way.
It's actually an all-female Jurassic Park cover band called Clever Girl.
God damn it, you cocksucker.
What?
Clever Girl.
I'm in a band called Cheetah Speed.
A guy shouted out Clever Girl.
I'm in a band called The Mirrored Cabinets Make Me Nervous Who Knows When They're Gonna
Attack.
Clever Girl.
I love the idea of having that much presence of mind upon your death by murder.
Just admiring your murder art.
I don't think that's ever happened in the history of...
He spent the entire movie explaining to Jeff Goldblum and to everybody else.
They hunt.
They're not lizards.
They hunt like they're people.
They have huge brains.
And they go over here.
And he sees...
That's all the more reason for him to not be amazed at that moment.
He should be like, fuck, fuck.
No.
What am I, retarded?
That's him being amazed.
God damn it, I was right.
He goes, Clever Girl, you son of a bitch.
No, but he went, Clever Girl.
Like, he was coming as he died.
No.
I'm so honored to be eaten this way.
He's saying I slightly underestimated you.
He should have said, you know what he should have said, and I would have bought this.
Game recognized game.
Game?
Speaking of game recognized game, let's play some D&D.
Yes, let's.
When we last met, our heroes had burned their way through Bill Martigans and found themselves in an icy wasteland,
trapped in a net and facing down a terrible yeti.
But before they could escape, they were met with a familiar face.
Tylenol with codeine, the unicorn had returned.
The unicorn convinced the yeti to let our friends free, and together they adjourned to Tylenol's hideout in the snow.
There they sucked on cinnamon toast and pop tarts and cocoa, and had a great, if dizzying, discussion
which led, in a codeine-fueled bender, to the purple caverns of Tamarind.
In the caverns, Tylenol bit them onward towards strange and magical gems,
and as they did so, the gems transformed into creatures.
Squark smashed one of them, and Sharpie ensnared the others,
and the gang began to wonder about the sanity of their friend Tylenol.
But then Sharpie took a shit on the floor.
Would our heroes be able to stomach the foul stench?
Were the crystalline critters indeed wondrous treasure? Was the unicorn still around, or had he disappeared?
Find out next time on an exciting new edition of Harmontown, today, right now.
If the unicorn, if Tylenol's still there, we could have Demorge come up and play him.
Demorge, are you here?
Demorge Brown at the stage, please.
Unless you just wanted to have him evaporate.
It's all good.
Demorge, you should play Mulrainee.
It's Demorge Brown, Harmontown regular.
Soccer enthusiast.
That is correct.
How was my sports corner?
It was informative, in a way.
I was impressed that you got the teams right.
Right now, these creatures have turned into gems, and we started kicking their butts, right?
There's these gems that turned into creatures, really.
That's what it is.
They're all tied up in Sharpie's ropes, or his vines, rather.
They're not moving, they're tied up.
It's as if they're in a net.
Morgan, you're going to play Christopher, and Demorge, you're going to play Tylenol Cody.
Unicorn.
And you're real sassy.
I wonder what Barack Obama would say about Chinese murder vans.
Well, look.
Theoretically speaking, if there's a van with murderous equipment inside of it,
there has to be a driver.
The legal question, just going by my background in civil rights and constitutional law,
is the driver separate from the one pulling the strings?
What I've done is convene a committee to convene a committee,
and we're going to reach out across the aisle to some good folks.
See if we can't get to the bottom of this issue,
and when we do, we'll certainly come forward and talk more in depth about that.
What I'm not prepared to do at this time is go on the record about whether or not
murder vans exist in this country.
Do you have to define murder? Do you have to define ban?
Anybody in good citizens with information about this need to hit us up at whitehouse.gov.
For a limited time, we're giving away White House sugar cookies.
What goes on at whitehouse.gov? What's the website like? What's the splash page?
It's really cool. You get to pilot a drone over Kansas, and you can just monitor people.
Let me be clear about that. That is a simulator.
It's not an actual drone, but it is a good way, using URLs to track back and find people,
addresses, and things who are qualified and are good, and we need good people to pilot drones.
Once again, we've got your information, we'll find you.
Thank you, Barack.
He's a good guy. He's very folksy.
He's kind of fake folksy. He sounds folksy.
He's folksy? He's erudite? I'm not sure where he was born.
But he feels American.
Barack, can we take this moment at Harmontown? No one's listening. No one's recording.
Can we learn where exactly...
No one's listening. Everybody's listening.
What your citizenship actually is?
Well, look, I'll do this one last time.
I was born in a hospital.
Thank you.
It comes up from time to time, and a fellow asked me if I was an eggplant.
Look, man, you've got to do your own due diligence on this stuff.
For the last time, born in a hospital, ate Gerber food as a child.
I don't even think you can get that in Canada, so I think you know where I'm from.
You seem more and more evasive. The more questions we ask, the more evasive it becomes.
Well, wouldn't you? It's more fun.
It's more fun? It's more fun.
Yeah, I like that.
Jeff, are you leading us towards being a birther podcast?
Yes. Oh, dude, I'm a fucking way birther from way back.
I'm a diet in the whole...
Carry me out in a box birther.
Now that you find out I'm a fucking hardline right-winger.
Yes, I'm a Jeff-winger.
That's Adam Goldberg being hacked in the audience, so they're repeating him.
Jeff or Adam is particularly drunk.
Yeah.
Adam, are you fucked up right now?
Oh, dear God.
It doesn't enhance your personality.
All right, Spencer.
Duly noted.
Spencer, okay, so what are we looking at right now? Describe our surroundings.
You're in the purple caverns. Behind you is the cavern exit. It goes into the purple canyon.
Before you is a pile of crushed sapphire and also a ruby red crab and an emerald beetle.
They're tied up in vines, as I said earlier. They've been tied up.
You tied them up last week.
Were they animate?
They were. They were animating right towards you.
Sorry. Dad was a little drunk last week.
I mean, no judgments.
I tied these crabs up because they have ill intent.
They certainly seemed that way.
All right, let's kill the remaining gem beetles.
You want to lead the attack, Sharpie?
Sure.
By the power of...
Greyskull.
What do you do, Adam Goldberg?
No, I would have said that.
Gently.
Boy, I feel like it's been ages since I've recharged my...
I think Ray of Frost is like a zero level spell that does like zero to two damage.
Sure is.
Sharpie, real quick, why are we in this cave right now?
Dude, ask them.
And what are we doing?
Greg Proups played Tylenol with Koenini, whisked us off to this purple cave.
Spencer just sat there listening as Proups basically DM'd.
I feel like I helped.
No, no, no, I wasn't disparaging.
Spencer and Greg just invent that cave?
You know, it's a cave.
I didn't know that.
It's a wide world, this Dungeons and Dragons place.
We were just whisked off to this place and we just kind of like, yeah, we don't know what we're doing here
and there's these crab beetles, gem things.
I just, god damn it, do I have Scorching Ray? Is that depleted?
Yes, it's not depleted.
You have it.
Scorching Ray on the nearest gem crab beetle.
You were in a blackout last time, weren't you?
Would seem so.
You blast it with a scorching ray and it seems to be burned to a kind of rocky crisp
just as all black and cloudy and doesn't move anymore.
Clever girl.
Does it count when you're killing something?
Maybe.
There's one thing left, it's also tied up and not moving.
One of you guys do the honors.
What does it look like?
A green beetle made of emerald.
I take my mighty great sword and I just do a vertical slice down the middle of it.
Yeah, it's pretty much immobile so you do that and slice it right in half.
It doesn't move anymore, it's just two hunks of an emerald beetle.
Is it already dead?
It is now.
I examine the loot.
It's definitely made out of some form of emerald.
It might be worth money if you sold it to someone who is into that.
Everybody scoop all this shit up because we were on a million adventures
and then the last time we tried to buy a hot dog and then we were broke
because we never bothered to pick up any of this shit.
We spend a turn picking all this shit up.
You pick all this shit up.
You put it in a bag or whatever.
A tiny goes in a big bag of holding.
That happens.
Alright, we're rich.
Are we?
Well you have items that might be worth value if traded.
Looks like having a lot of sugar or something.
I look around the purple cavern for an exit, not the one we came in.
You see it seems to go deeper in.
There's a dark crack that makes it, you know, there's no light in it.
There's a dark crack.
I examine that crack.
It's so dark you can't see.
I sniff the crack.
It smells like metal, like metal.
Metal crack.
I use my goggles at my nude scene.
Yeah.
You see the crack up really close.
I turn around and go, waste of time.
Mage light.
You light it up.
You see it's like maybe within this crack you might be able to squeeze through
but there's like a seven foot space that kind of goes around a bend.
It's like a, you know, like a corner or something.
Through the crack?
Yeah, so it's like there's a little space and then it rounds a bend.
Is it big enough for a gnome to fit through?
Definitely.
I crawl through that crack.
And you see there's this little bend I talked about earlier.
I round that bend.
The venture rounds the bend in what you see astonishes and frightens you.
You see sitting upon a raised stone flat or a platform, a massive, it must be at least fully grown adult black dragon.
It must be half asleep, if not more than half asleep.
Have you seen any dragons come back?
I go back to our campaign and I say this, there's a sleeping black dragon over there.
Are they worse than regular dragons or is that just...
Can I use my ability to detect evil?
You use your ability to detect evil. You detect evil.
Racist.
Alright guys, we got an evil black dragon sleeping on a slab over there.
They should mention white dragons are evil too.
Are all dragons, is there a color of dragon that's not evil?
Golden dragons.
But don't they have mobile murder vans?
Look, I'm just a white dragon, all I know is racist.
He's trying to figure out which race is worse.
Can we send Codeine with Tylenol in there? He's a magic unicorn.
Can I reduce him with my shrinky person thing?
Who?
Won't work on Tylenol?
No, he's a magical beast.
So are you by the way?
I wish.
Can I fit with the crack?
Yeah, you can. I don't think Tylenol can fit through.
It's not a horse-sized crack.
Okay, I'm going to take some pieces of my rope,
and I'm going to take the red paint from my craft supplies
and I'm going to splatter it all over me like I've been injured.
Wait, what are you doing with the rope though?
Like, I've been restrained, but I broke them free.
So I'm going to take the ropes, I'm going to wrap them around my hands,
but I'm going to cut them down the middle so it looks like someone's freed me.
Okay.
Scoops.
What?
If you go in there and try to like run some kind of quick change game on a black dragon,
no one else can fit through the crack.
I can. I'm going to know if I can fit through it.
I can't get through there. Well, I could teleport through there maybe.
But let's talk about this.
It's not an episode of the Brady Bunch.
We're not gluing a vase back together.
What's our end game?
You've got to share with us. What are you doing?
Well, I'm going to slip through the crack,
and then I'm going to pretend that I've just been tortured by people who hate the black dragon.
But I love the black dragon.
And I come in and I say, like, are you okay?
Like, I got free.
Where are you vulnerable?
Guys, this is crazy enough to work.
If only God was six, all of your plans would always work.
That'll be the name of my autobiography.
Are you there, God? And can't you be six?
So some of my hair braids' beams can work.
But I'm going to really, I'll slather it on.
I'm a charming elf.
Half elf.
Do you speak draconic?
What?
Toads?
Do you speak draconic, somebody asked?
Do you speak dragon?
Look at your sheets.
There's an answer.
Your sheet is the thing with vodka spilled on it.
I don't technically speak draconic,
but I think I speak emotions.
Yeah, like evil dragons do.
I speak elvish and I speak common.
Maybe this dragon, does the dragons speak common?
You don't know.
Dragons are highly intelligent beings, you know.
I feel like a lot of times we feel compelled to do things
just because it seems like we could.
And we don't stop to think if we should.
Am I right, dinosaur people?
The great thing about Dungeons and Dragons
is as opposed to a video game or a pop-up book
you read to your kid in bed, like,
there's no, we could fucking walk away.
This dragon is a whole crack away from us.
We can actually shout through the crack,
fuck you, black dragons suck, and walk away.
Is that how you want to live your life, Sharpie?
Avoiding every dragon and walking away from every emerald beetle?
I killed the emerald beetles.
He'd show me the emerald beetle.
I'll fucking slay it like a master born into the task.
It's a black dragon.
We're constantly getting our asses kicked
and doing bad things to good people.
It's just, like, our life has become a waking nightmare.
Outside this purple cavern is a wasteland.
It's a snowy wasteland.
Well, that was weeks away.
You're out of the frozen.
It's a lot warmer now.
I say we walk up the front door.
Like men.
Powerfully men.
We leave sleeping dragons lie.
He's not going anywhere.
He's going to be just as dragon-y, just as black.
Just as behind a tiny crab.
Where are we going?
I'm Maya Angelou.
Lie.
Too soon?
I can ride him out of there.
I'm just suggesting that we're not ready for this boss level.
All right, fine.
I jump on Tylenol with Coding's back.
And I say,
We're PA!
You do that.
And it gets it.
Can the rest of them get on me?
Yeah, yeah.
We have a sturdy frame.
Okay, we all get on Tylenol's back and I raise.
We just see a black dragon and go,
Well, Jeff, I mean, what's your name?
Can we talk about what we want?
If she wants to go in there, can I use my amulet of magic?
No, no, my amulet.
My magic circle against evil offered to her
or protect her in some way with that.
You can, but it's like centered on you.
And since you can't fit in that room,
it won't help very much.
Gentlemen, if you guys want to die.
Gentlemen, I call a roundup.
All right.
A roundup?
Adventurers' code dictates no one can refuse a roundup call.
Also, there has to be a barbecue at some point.
There will be if we want to.
I fashion an old-timey triangle and I ring a dinner bell.
I present some beef.
Gentlemen.
Are there buttermilk biscuits to eat?
Yes.
Right now, I feel like we're a little aimless,
but I know that...
There's a dragon in the crack.
I know that there's a dragon in the crack.
I also know that recently baby plans were presented.
What?
Remember when we stole baby plans?
And a baby robot.
Yeah, we have a baby robot.
And maybe this is crazy.
Maybe you'll also be on board.
But what if we made a town of babies?
What?
Because we have nothing else going on.
Or what is...
I mean, or what's happening.
But imagine a town of babies.
There's a baker baby.
I like that.
Can I use this amulet of shadow whirling to see if there is one out there?
Is that what that does?
It'll take you to the shadow world,
but you don't think there's a baby village there?
We'd make our own.
I like the idea of settling down
and creating for a change instead of destroying.
We've been through so much and we've hurt so many.
I feel like this is a sleeping dragon.
You know that dragons have all kinds of loot?
They're always sitting on some sort of crazy treasure chest.
Jeff, there's a dragon in every crack.
And there always will be.
Chris de Burgh, what do you think?
I say we should get out of here.
To make a baby town?
To make a baby town!
Imagine an entire town of babies.
That do bioinformatics.
And then granola.
Exactly.
We could add some dinosaurs.
Maybe we make tall babies.
That's terrifying.
Never mind. That's the worst idea I've ever had.
That's an awful idea.
Giant babies, like the little bodies, but with long legs.
And they're sophisticated.
Close encounters.
Quark, what if we tie a rope around you
and let you go in the crack?
You go talk to the dragon.
I'll yank you back.
The dragon in the crack.
What?
Because I don't want you to be unhappy.
Did you already know that he was evil?
We detected him.
I want Chris de Burgh to come with me because he's the thief.
He's the most stealthy among us.
Can I fit?
Yeah.
Everybody in each room can fit.
I crawl back through the crack.
I just poke my head around and see what else I see beside a sleeping dragon.
You'd see pretty much nothing else.
It's otherwise a barren cavern that has no other exits or entrances.
And there's nothing that looks like a treasure chest or anything sexy?
Not even a little.
You guys see a treasure chest or anything?
I'm kidding, I don't really do that.
I crawl back through the crack and go, Jesus Christ, keep it down.
All right.
I say, all right, look, you're right.
There's only a diamond in the crack.
Sunroof top.
Dig in the scene.
With the gang, surely.
I didn't understand that reference.
Dragon in the crack.
I'll bet you 10,000 flurbos, whatever the fucking currency is.
You don't have 10,000 flurbos.
That we go out of this purple cave.
We're going to find some settlement or township.
And they're going to go, I'll give you a million flurbos.
If you kill that black dragon.
And we're going to get to sleep, recharge our spells.
Well, and that sounds like so much fun.
Wait, but you wanted to make a baby village.
I'm trying to help you.
You also wanted to walk into the crack.
Walk into the crack, motherfucker.
Walk in.
Everyone go in the crack.
I walk in the crack, but I have the ropes.
I do make a plan.
I walk in the crack.
I'm not going to fucking...
As a barbarian.
I don't like that there's just dragons laying around doing nothing.
I'm going to kill a dragon for no reason.
Because you know what?
We have become chaotic neutral, right?
At least.
At the very least.
We're chaotic.
Erin, Mulraine, go talk to the dragon.
Do this Sesame Street level con game on him.
All right.
Where you literally said...
Sesame Street, because at least it's something.
I go in there with Chris de Burgh.
As a gnome where I can kind of fit through the crack.
And he's small enough to fit through the right Spencer.
Yeah, but I thought he wanted to get out of here.
I say Chris de Burgh, we go in there.
Because I've never met a dragon
that didn't sit on some sort of fucking crazy treasure.
And I'm easily swayed.
What?
Let's go.
All right.
Oh, she's in.
Yeah.
Part of Bioinformatics is adaptation.
Wait, you're Chris de Burgh.
Yeah.
You're Tylenol.
Okay, Chris de Burgh.
And I'm too big to fit through the crack.
You can fit through the crack.
I don't know where you got this.
Hey, Sharpey.
Hey, you can fit through the crack.
I'm coming.
I'm going to make a prediction.
Metagaming.
Spencer's wanted to kill us for three months.
And we are walking into a six-foot hole
and handing him a shovel.
Because he's ready to move on.
You've missed all the cracks before.
You just don't look in the mirror.
I run inside.
Are you saying all the fucking things that we've destroyed,
all the travails that we've traversed,
that we can't kill one sleeping dragon?
I'm scared.
Half asleep.
Scared of the black one.
So more rain runs in, right?
I run in and I have big blood spatter on me
and the ropes and everything.
But we're all just hanging back.
Describe the chamber, Spencer, that the dragon lives in.
It looks like a cave, roughly a kidney bean shaped
in four plan.
Kidney bean shaped.
Of course, the geography of a cave
makes its ceiling and walls be all weird shaped.
Where is the dragon in the bean?
It's in right in the bean's middle section.
That's not the best.
This is my favorite part of every...
Let's all agree that while Mulraine does this,
we all are very near the exits.
Or very near the popcorn machine.
I'm just eating popcorn and watching.
I'll show you.
So, yeah, you make those noises.
It's still seemingly asleep.
It's not really registering you right now.
I lock up and I eat.
I get closer to the exit.
He's asleep, so I poke around the room.
All right.
Yeah.
Should I find anything?
There's really nothing else
than this dragon sitting on the stone platform.
Is poking around a full move action?
Sure.
I make a gasp.
You gasp?
And I flop myself down in front of the black dragon.
She's trying to wake up this dragon.
The dragon stirs and slowly its long serpentine head
lifts up off of its place on its front paws.
I get all the way into the exit.
I'm basically leaving.
Hey, so glad you're awake.
Jesus Christ.
It continues to stir and it starts to look at you
like half waking up, you know?
Okay.
Hello.
Wow.
Glad you're awake.
This has been a long journey for me.
From point A to point B.
Point A being that I learned that you are the dragon
that's the best dragon who has the best ideas about everything.
And point B being finally meeting you
because there is a town that is coming for you
and I am here to protect you.
They tied me up.
They cut me and don't look for the cuts,
but there was blood.
I threw up a lot of blood and they took that blood
and they spat it.
This is gross.
You don't want to hear this.
But what is happening?
It opens and closes its mouth a couple of times,
revealing its razor sharp jaws
and you can see acid starting to bubble up in its mouth hole.
I leave.
Well, no, wait.
That happens to me when I sleep too.
I actually...
That could be nothing.
Exactly.
I would get mad too hearing about this town.
I mean, my mouth is foaming thinking about this.
But I guess I'll get on your back and I'll ride you to victory.
How do we make this work?
Or wear your diamonds?
What's your story?
I'm all the way outside the fucking cave.
The dragon roars ferociously so loud
that your ears are ringing and hurt
and you feel bad about hearing that noise.
So loud is it?
So let's just talk differently.
If we can communicate differently.
Are we cool?
It just continues to look at you after...
What was it?
Roaring?
It did, right?
After roaring and you see,
maybe where the tonsils would be on its throat,
they start to bulge up like maybe like a toad's sack.
So I run out through the crack.
What the fuck?
Let's get out of here!
Me first!
Everybody on my back.
You fucking asshole!
I'm riding everybody out of there while this argument's going on.
Sorry guys, I...
You know, we all messed up sometimes.
Yeah, but sometimes everyone's telling you don't misstep.
And then you're like, no, for real.
Someone has to go in there.
Although everybody wanted to go in that fucking crack.
I wanted to sneak in there.
I didn't want to go wake him up.
I didn't want to go...
Come on, you all wanted your crack and you all got it.
I alone wanted to run first.
It would have saved us 20 minutes of game time.
I would have gone on there with Chris de Burgh and we would have gone in there
and while he was asleep we would have sneaked in there and tried to rob him.
Like burglars.
To the baby village!
So you ride out of these purple caverns and you can't really see for a moment the light.
It's blinding you, but the first thing you see in the sky is a large black shape.
It's floating towards you.
He's pulling us over.
Oh, no.
Yeah, sure.
What is the shape that I mentioned?
I'm not sure.
It's black and silver.
It looks like a zeppelin.
You see the markings on the zeppelin.
It seems to be the markings of Admiral Darkstar.
The zeppelin is heading directly towards you incredibly quickly.
It appears to be on a crash course with your direct location.
Well, Tylenol, evasive...
Can I take evasive action?
You take evasive action!
You do so with such grace and alacrity!
Or maybe not.
With such grace and alacrity!
Right as the zeppelin goes crashing into the purple wall of the purple canyon
and it explodes in a great fireball you dodge out of the way
and a crumple hole falls to the ground with a clunk.
And you see three flaming goblins screaming and running out of the hole of this ship.
Away from us the tortoise.
And they're goblins. There's three of them.
They're stop-dropping and rolling to try and put out the fire on their bodies,
but it's not extinguishing.
They were just going to ram us with a zeppelin?
Who knows, man.
Mulraine, take some arrows and shoot those guys down.
I draw two arrows.
Yes.
And I... at the drone?
At the goblins.
At the goblins. Oh, but they're hurt already.
But they're just like the people in the Hindenburg.
Kill them.
You know, I don't think I'm...
They're goblins on Admiral Darkstar's ship. They're not here to help.
They're dying.
I don't think I'm chaotic.
I'm not chaotic good anymore. I take out my cutlass
and I start running towards them.
Running? We're on a flying fucking...
He doesn't fly.
He doesn't fly. He doesn't fly.
He's not a pegasus.
I jump off of him.
Can I activate my circle of... my circle against Evil?
Sure, that happens.
But you're standing still, right?
Now?
Oh, she's off me now?
Well, she was running towards it with the cost, I think.
Well, I'm safe.
Okay.
Yeah, you are safe.
How long can I run alongside her?
I don't think I can jump back on her.
All right. You're on him.
And now I'm riding toward the goblins,
having activated the circle against Evil.
All right.
This happens.
You approach the goblins with your circle,
and your circle engulfs the goblins,
and the goblins are not bothered somehow,
yet still their flesh burns.
Can I use multi-attack on them?
Sure, you know.
Let's do it.
So I use multi-attack on them.
You stab one directly in the eye with your forehead.
I mean, the horn on them.
I use my whisper bow to shoot out the other one.
All right.
What are we doing?
It's like we're the G.E.A. outside of Waco,
like just picking off fucking fleeing Davidians.
What are we doing?
Let's just get out of here.
Well, they tried to ram us with a zeppelin that they missed.
Well, yeah, the karma has been wrought on them.
With the multi-attack, you stab the guy in the eye,
and he dies.
The other guy, you stomp on his head with your hoof,
and his head pops.
Jesus.
God almighty.
There's one flaming goblin remaining.
Okay, I go up, I run to the last flaming goblin,
I take my water skin out, and I douse him,
and try to save him, just to ask him some questions.
You douse him in the water, and his fire goes out,
but then it comes back, and he's on fire again.
I piss on him.
All right.
It extinguishes the fire, and then it comes back.
I blow him out like a birthday candle.
Nothing happens that time, but I'm doing all this.
He stops rolling on the ground, and he sits up,
and he's like, what?
I guess I'm okay, but I'm on fire.
Scorching, no, I'm sorry,
it's a spray of frost to see if it puts out the fire.
It burns, he's like, ah, ah, ah.
Yeah, I know, but...
You're not on fire anymore.
I still am, though.
He likes being on fire, he's okay being on fire.
You like being on fire?
I mean, I don't like it, but it's, I guess, fine.
I'm not dead.
He's okay.
We're asking questions.
We've never gone this long.
We gotta figure out a way to...
I tried to, I wanted to kill everybody.
I wanted to fight a dragon.
I want to placate every goblin and dragon you ever met.
I wanted to leave.
I wanted to leave, and it's been recorded.
Then talk to this goblin who almost tried to kill us,
or at least was a passenger on a sepulon.
He's on fire, doesn't hate it.
We can't put it on.
Yeah, putting him out doesn't work.
Can I stuff him in the bag of holding?
Yep.
I stuff him in the bag of holding.
And I go, like, there's a lot of shit in there.
Like, a lot of it might be worth something,
but you're gonna get waterboarded later.
Enhanced, interrogated.
Is there anything else on the sepulon that survives?
I mean, it's about 20 feet off.
I go to the sepulon.
You go to the sepulon.
You see a flaming sack.
Yeah.
I look, I examine the flaming sack.
It burns, it burns apart before you,
and you see small cloth and wooden goods being consumed,
but among them you see untarnished by the flames,
a crystalline disk of sorts.
Oh, I grabbed that disk, and I put it in the robot baby.
You do that.
What?
The robot baby.
Any round I'm holding?
It makes a crazy noise and starts vibrating,
and then it goes, unit active.
Diagnostic complete.
Baby Phyllis!
Hey, hey, hey!
We fucking did it.
DeMarce Brown, everybody.
Morgan, what's your last name?
Carol?
Harold.
Morgan Harold?
Colsonette, Morgan Harold, everybody.
Erin McGathy, Spencer Crittenden, and I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon, as always.
I feel like next week's D&D is going to be something fucking spectacular
because we activated a robot baby.
Sorry if you have work in the morning, sorry.
It's your third breakfast.